what's up guys jayjay sneakers here and
in today's video I'm going to be
answering some some questions you guys
have about betta boxes that we see you
guys asked frequently on our videos and
just gonna try to help you guys out to
understand them more and hopefully
answer some of your questions alright so
the first question in today's video is
going to be where can you get a Vita box
from and you can purchase them from
Seoul's premises website which is so
supremacy calm just search in the tab
barbie toy box and that'll put you right
to it so let's from see is a sneaker
store in New York California I believe
and yeah really good shot right to the
second question is going to be what is a
bigger box so a beater box is an
assortment of random shoes and random
sizes and for random fries so you get to
select the sizes that you want the box
to range from so for example could be
like sizes 9 through 12 and then the
price i think the lowest price could be
like two hundred fifty dollars all the
way up towards one thousand dollars in
above so it comes in a big parcel box
really big box so can fit all the shoes
and you're going to receive random types
of shoes so the first type of shoe i
have is just a black nike air max
uptempo and so I mean these won't go for
much on the market but you can
definitely sell them on eBay or
something if you want so you get one of
these a medium price range shoe Gordon
one metallic and then you get something
like a year the ride at seven this is
just these are just examples of what you
could get I did not receive these in a
box but maybe somebody has but yeah you
can eat us get random shoes in the box
and they can be various conditions so
for my be with like midsole chipping and
yellowing your soul separation or they
can even beat that stock alright another
frequently asked question is going to be
is everything 100% authentic that social
primacy sells you for an example to beat
her box shoes yes everything is
authentic I bought from them probably
for about two years two or three years
now and I've never had a problem with
replicas or anything like that they're
always trying to like help out the
community and doing like the post on
Instagram a real vs fake picture to try
to help people spot fakes so yeah for
everything I've seen they're really
legit company alright so I see a lot of
people commenting how do i get a beater
box says they're sold out and yeah they
typically sell out pretty quick you just
got to stay on top of their Twitter and
Instagram don't usually post when they
have them on the website so you can
purchase them and yeah I just try to be
as quick as you can alright so in my
opinion the best way to get yourself a
beater box is going to be like i
mentioned follow them on twitter and
instagram if they're say they're going
to drop boxes on the website at 7pm
they're going to post them on twitter
about like 5 p.m. or so saying we're
dropping meter boxes at 7pm you ready so
just be ready and when they leave their
website you'll say meter boxes are up
and just click the link select your size
of beauty box so you want the price and
then check out I so Peter boxes have
been getting harder to get recently a
that's just do two more people wanting
them and knowing what they are and
hopefully it doesn't get to the point
where you need a bot to get them but for
now just follow these steps and you
should be good all right so to end
things in this a bigger box question
video is going to be can we buy the
shoes and your beauty boxes from you
guys and yes of course you can um we
leave our phone numbers in the
description of the video so say I get a
box I'll leave my phone number as well
as my website which is jg sneakers don t
telecom and then my partner gets boxes
he'll leave his phone number in
description and his website which is
traffic kick-start a tail calm and we
have a bunch of shoes for sale not just
beauty box shoes also tons of other heat
for sale for great prices alright so
that's going to do it
this beater box Q&A video we thought it
was much needed considering most the
videos on our youtube channel or beater
box reviews and unboxings make sure to
let us know how you guys do with your
meter boxes if you're able to purchase
them and if this video helped you
understand what they are better well
yeah see you guys later